(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] You saw the power of
Transaction EventListeners
and how we can narrow down when, and if they get triggered.
Let's use them to our advantage in this challenge.
Our order placement use case is almost complete.
We managed to send an email only on a successful commit.
In this challenge, we want you to inform our help desk
when the roll back has occurred
so they can follow up to check what is wrong
with that order.
To inform the help desk, you need to use
the ticketing service bin and its method create ticket,
which accepts an order object.
Once you are done with implementation,
you can run a ticket service test
to verify your implementation.
The test has two use cases that verify
when tickets should and should not get created.
This challenge should take about five to 10 minutes.
If you get stuck,
you can check out my solution video
to see how I solved the challenge.